Yoga is what is a boogeyman for here and
today I'm gonna bring you guys some
chivalry medieval warfare tips in this
video I will be playing as the vanguard
class with the spear anyways guys this
video is filled with a bunch of cool
clips from some last team standing games
it's just some random clips and what
last team standing is is a one life game
you get one life for the round and once
you're dead you're dead last team
standing wins basically sums it up but
anyways let's get to the main part of
this video the tips for the spear as the
Vanguard class throughout this video
you'll notice that I use these stab
moves and kind of leaping lunges
effectively
I don't really swing the actual sphere
itself with the left-click button
left-click actually swings the spear in
kind of like a slash motion which isn't
very effective with the spear itself
you're not really getting much damage
out of it it's actually very hard to hit
and it's just I highly do not recommend
it I actually don't think I'd do any of
that in this video at all the main two
hits I actually use is the stab motion
with the board scroll wheel on your
mouse and the scroll wheel backwards
work towards the you your actual body in
real life the down scroll it's more of a
lunge kind of stab it's more of a lower
stab and the up will is more of the
higher head stabbing motion I use the
lower stab more often it can get below
shields you can usually get them in the
legs and it's kind of like a lunge kind
of move I use that when I'm charging
people as you can see there I kind of
get that stabbed back away and then try
to get another stab I use the actual
head stab kind of movement the scroll up
button for more of like a just finishing
off or maybe the guys kind of prancing
around with the shield now I'm just
gonna try to jump and get that head
stabbed really quick obviously the head
stab is more rewarding but it's also
more challenging to get the hit so I
kind of just stick with that a lower
stab usually the lower stab I can kill
anyone between one and three hits it's
kind of a Campbell archers are usually
kills in one but nights it usually takes
three and band guards it's anywhere
between two to three but you also got
taken their health so sometimes they're
really low on health and just doesn't
take many at all
also movement is a big factor in this
game for all classes especially when
you're playing as a spear one you really
want to use your reach you can reach
further than most classes with this long
spear it's got really really good reach
with it so you can kind of get that stab
and they can't even touch you the only
thing I would say be careful about is
the archers you don't wonder one
straight at them you actually want to
kind of go like kind of sideways a
zigzag motion it's really hard to get a
hit that close while you're zigzagging
so just kind of zigzag up there and then
just stab them I'm here it's this is
kind of funny I kind of just see this
guy just standing here so I'm just gonna
go and head stab them for you guys play
some slo-mo hood steps on you you boot
Torrio's you okay so anyways here's a
different map here I notice a guy
charging me with the shield I kind of
just mess with him telling him get a few
stabs on the shield back up he misses
once they miss you can get that stat
very easily and get that kill you can
really use this to your advantage I'm
telling you the reach on this thing is
insane
I love heads coming off in this game too
it's so sweet the sound actually didn't
sync with the game all the way when I
recorded I don't know what was up with
that on these couple Clips here but
that's okay just kind of ignore that
this Archer he started running so I kind
of use my lunge move right here I try to
get him just couldn't quite reach him so
be careful about that and be aware of
what's coming on because if I didn't see
that guy would have just kept chasing
that Archer and just BAM got too short I
went ahead and took that night out took
that guy out and at this time my team in
the chat box is just going crazy if you
guys can see that you guys can rewind
it's funny they're like book my name is
boogey man by the way they're just going
crazy it was pretty funny but anyways I
took out the last three guys there in
that clip and ended up one in that game
for my team because that was cool
so yeah I mean in this game if you know
how to use a class effectively and
you're on a one versus two battle you
can easily be touka hice I mean that's
what's awesome about this game it's
tactics and skills and if you notice I
just used that lunch move on that guy
there he was running I just kind of
lunged for him when I was chasing them
anyways guys I hope you guys enjoyed
this tip video and if you guys do like
this like this video for some more tips
and tricks and be sure to subscribe
there will be more of this game on this
channel soon boogieman 40 is out of here
peace